ious and mighty God we come before your
throne of grace and mercy this afternoon
and we say thank you thank you for the
Blessed P privilege of leading this
wonderful institution and deliberating
over today's agenda father we thank you
for your presence and we ask that you
would guide us with your wisdom as we
discuss the the the items on the agenda
and the Affairs of the college today we
ask that you would bless our board
members we thank you for their time we
thank you for our faculty staff all
those who serve our students in Jesus
name amen
amen The
Pledge to the flag of the United States
of America and to the repblic for which
it stands one nation God indivisible
with liy and justice for
all please follow me in honoring the
Texas flag honor Tas
one
individual you
amen
from all members of the board of present
uh meeting is being
recorded uh first item of business is to
consider approval of the minutes of the
board meeting held in October is there a
motion so move is there a second second
is there any discussion
comments additions or Corrections all in
favor say I
I next item is an opportunity for
members of the public to suggest topics
to the board is there anyone wishing to
speak to the board seeing none hearing
none we move to the next item which is
the Chancellor's report yes I would just
like to share that the Texas Higher
Education Coordinating Board is
appointed Dr W Rosser as the next
Commissioner of higher education in
Texas you all will remember that Dr uh
Harrison Keller went to North Texas um
Dr roster brings a wealth of experience
in advancing education throughout Texas
uh he is while he's very well educated
has received his bachelor's Masters and
doctor from Texas A&M University I'd
like to point out that he
actually that he earned an associates
degree from Kilgore College so he
certainly understands the Community
College Mission and the value of
Community College and so we we feel like
this is a good thing for for all sectors
of higher education thank you
next item is discussing consider
approval of the October 2024 interim
financial statement and investment
report Mr
B okay uh on the first page uh not a lot
of changes to discuss from the uh pre
previous period uh your cash and your
Investments uh wash out uh there is a
change in your Capital assets uh that
result from 7 million in capitalizations
for last year and 5.1 million in accumul
depreciation the change in your accounts
payable as a result of uh the payment of
facilities related expenditures at 831
of
24 and uh on your second
page uh still not very comparable to uh
the same period last year
U and then with the Investments uh we
drew down uh 4 million within the pools
and that will be replaced uh in November
with your government
agencies any
questions Mr Pierce thanks you for
the Improvement of the explanation of
things and
highlighting anyone else is there a
motion to
approve so move I second motion been
made by Mr Wilkerson seconded by Mr
Pierce all in favor say I I I
thank you very much do you have another
item sir yes uh thanks to Mr Weaver's uh
catch uh the only change with the
investment policy is in the last page
and there's a strike through and there's
an addition there so that will be the
only change in this in this
policy questions
comments motion to approve the document
is there a
second all in favor say I I I thank you
very much thank you you had a no no too
slow Note One Note okay he didn't like
that item eight discussion consider
approval of an award to converge one Mr
Jordan did I skip somebody number seven
let Mr Jordan right yes
okay yes thank you for correcting me
good discuss and consider approval of a
contract to impact
fire I thought I brought the wrong
information I thought you were taking a
nap back
there hopefully hold on that
information well good
afternoon um as we spoke about last week
um the Aging infrastructure on our fire
alarm system uh need to be upgrade uh
the uh Administration recommends that we
uh
use the impact fire for vendors purchase
the equipment and
installation for
125,000 uh impact fire is board approved
contract and the funds are available in
this year's budget
questions is there a motion motion to
approve motion been made and seconded
all in favor say I I thank you now the
one I surprise you
with you see you have that
one oh that's Mr G
that's so glad yall are paying
attention I'm ready for
H Mr G welcome good afternoon it's good
to see you all uh for the reasons we
discussed last week the administration
recommends approval to purchase 7 10
terabyte IBM Flash core modules at a
cost of $79,500
this is a budgeted item and the purchase
will be made via from converg one via di
contract dir TSO
3996 questions comments is there a
motion move to approve second motion
been made in seconded all in favor say I
I thank you item nine uh converge one
yes sir um the have Mr ation also
recommends approval to purchase two IBM
sand 64 B7 fiber channel switches at a
cost of
$109,000 that purchase will also be made
through converge one it is a budgeted
item and it will be made via purchas
made via the contract V CPO 5277 5227
excuse
me
questions anyone is there a motion
motion to approve second motion been
made second all in favor say I I thank
you thank
you Dr Tru
cely you're
okay a really great faculty member good
good afternoon uh I'm here to present to
you our request to form a new program um
effectually known as smart
specialization in manufacturing
automation and Robotics technology this
particular program U will help Central
Texas College begin to uh be on par with
the other institutions in the region uh
in the areas of advanced
manufacturing this build this program
will be a house in our technology
building with the planetarium on the
second floor and we look forward to and
appreciate your consideration of this
program it's it's the first of many in
this area that we want to bring to you
that sets us up for um Workforce
Development in advanced manufacturing
thank you for your consideration
questions is there a motion so Move
Motion been made and second all in favor
say
I thank you very much appreciate good
substitute thank
you next item discussing consider
approval to award a contract to
America's aircraft
engines hero
Molina good afternoon um last week the
aviation Department presented to the
board RFP 25003 for airplane engine
overhaul replacement services for the
fiscal year of
2425 um if approved the contract would
expire August 31st 2025 with an
extension optional extension period from
September 1st 2025 to August 31st
2026 the request is to award ameran
engines the contract for the overh of
the engine's biper Archer Engine with an
overall cost of $41,500 pipe AR engine
with a cost of $40,000 Vulcan air B1
engine with a cost of $41,500 and asses
a 310 engine with a cost of $444,500
doesn't sound like as much as you do
them one at a time like that yeah um do
you want me to separate the total is in
the in the board agenda okay okay okay
any
questions is there a motion motion to
approve second motion been made in
second all in favor say I I next item Mr
M the next request is for the board to
consider the approval to award the
signature engines the contract of for
the overhaul of Cessna 152
engine okay any
questions there a motion motion to
approve second motion made in second all
in favor say I I I thank you sir thank
you thank you
sir next item discuss consider approval
of board document number 424 Texas
College District of votes cast to elect
directors for the tax appraisal district
of Bell County Dr Carter yes this is
your uh your opportunity to cast your
allocated vote your allotted votes uh
for the Bale County Board and that's in
your
packet I recommend that we uh cast all
of our votes for Susan
Jones I like to amend that motion if we
could do half for Mr Banks and half for
Susan Jones I think that's more
reasonable because we nominated Mr Banks
the
last the motion I don't I don't think Mr
re made a motion made a
recommendation was your a motion
recommendation recommendation for the
board to consider Su John for all our
votes all right we have two names to
consider two recommendations to consider
is there a
motion I'll move that we set all our V
for Susan Jones okay is there a second
to
that I'll second motion been made and
seconded now now you want to amend that
I want to the motion to reflect half for
Mr John Banks and half for Susan
CH all right you we have a motion to
amend is there a second to that motion
second motion been made and second it to
amend now let's vote on the amendment if
you favor the amendment you say I
all right if you do not favor the
amendment you say no no no I hear a
division of the house you like that
parliamentary ter yeah I don't think
that the vote's not clear you're gonna
have because of that I think we need to
have a show of hands please if you favor
the motion to amend please raise your
right hand with half and half with half
and half
yeah
three two three three three okay if you
do not favor the motion to amend please
raise your right
hand two motion passes now we vote on
the motion uh as amended uh two absents
what the motion should be I mean the
minute should show two Su two sustain
yes to sustain now the motion before us
is the motion to uh cast our ballots as
we just decided with the amendment is
there now a motion to cast the ballots
as
divided yes no you don't need any motion
don't need another motion you've got now
a motion that's been amended approved
okay but you still have to vote on still
have to vote okay all in favor of that
say I I any opposed n no regard two
negative
votes all right next item is
uh the same question for uh uh Coral
Central Appraisal Dr Carter yes so what
you have before you is the ballot for
the Corel district and you
have 156
votes all right is there a
recommendation or a motion I move to uh
recommend that we use all 156 votes for
Del
Treadway d
y That's a motion is there a second to
that motion second motion been made and
seconded any discussion questions you
favor that motion signify by saying I I
I thank you very much let me remind you
that uh it's time for any topics or
upcoming agenda items by board members
uh M
Coen
ER it's not a recommend per topic but
could we get a copy of the U briefing we
got last time on
the
uh students that were registered this
semester as opposed to the previous
semesters they had the slides up there
but yes we'll get that
to I want to see the numbers I'd like to
have something to compare next time we
talk about it okay Dean W's presentation
I couldn't see what the numbers were on
there I can see the lines but you
couldn't see how many actual students
were on those numbers I like they have a
hard copy so that this is going to come
up again I want something to compare to
yes sir and that's an email that will
come to all the point yes yes the entire
board um I got just one question in a in
a quick uh announcement I I read in the
paper but um one was um
uh about two months ago 3 months ago I
asked for the impact what it would be to
raise our
minimum pay rate to $14 an
hour we haven't got anything back yet
but I just want to just uh okay just a
reminder okay and then I read in the
paper yesterday that uh there was a CTC
graduate that she just got hired on by
coer Cove is the public relations person
so the new hire person but they actually
put in her she's a graduate of Central
Texas College name Anna Rodriguez oh
nice that's cool little recommend uh
little kudos for CTC great thank you sir
do you want to say anything about
the sure um I forgot to ask Dr Walker
about her about this in her time so I'm
giving her a moment okay sure last uh
last week uh we received I believe was
all public institutions of higher
education received a letter from
Governor Abbott it's the letter that I
actually emailed to you all last week
and uh but we believe that that letter
was intended for the general academic
institution systems and so I I had uh
Miss Briggs take a look at that to to
research it because the way the letter
read it sounded as if um we were
prohibited from increasing tuition when
in all actuality that that was that
guidance was in house bill one which was
a general Appropriations bill for the
for the state so uh Miss bricks can you
share a little more about that uh yes
there was uh there was a compromise sort
of issue uh requested by the chancellors
of the systems that if they were given
additional funding they would freeze
tuition that was before the legislature
started um and so House Bill one is the
en Appropriations bill so technically
Central Texas College is in there but
the section that talks about the um the
tuition frees is only um specific to the
general General academic institutions
the systems the big system system is to
me but General academic institutions if
you go back probably a good 20 or 30
pages in the bill that's defined as um
specific campuses but they're all the
system campuses and so um in my reading
of it it does not apply to community
colleges or any college that's not in
one of the
systems the the transmittal letter it
the transmittal email itself referenced
the uh the heads of those systems so we
just got caught up in the distribution
what we believe that brings up a point
though should we ask for a ruling from
the attorney Journal as whether or not
it applies to us I don't want to go
through a lawsuit somebody SU tuition
we've got it programmed in yeah our our
Tac legislative arm is uh they're in
agreement but they are also um they are
headed to the state well they were at
Texas Pathways last week but they are
approaching the governor's office to get
clarification to make sure that we're
okay I started an email response to you
asking you to do that yesterday and I
deleted it I thought I was overstepping
so no we we I we did that that's as a
matter of fact I called the day I got
the letter and uh and I also reached out
to our
representative remind you that we have
a board meeting scheduled December 17th
and a board Workshop in January of
2025 is there a motion to adjourn so
move so Move Motion been made and second
all in favor say I I thank you all very
much yall have good Thanksgiving you too
a minute